Date of Git Lab Tutorials: 10/25/2024
Date of Github Account Set-up: October 2013

1.
[master 483ed18] Docs folder creation and status
2 files changed, 14 insertions(+)
create mode 100644 docs/status.txt

2.
8 commits have been done to this repository.
The command used to determine the number of commits to the repository was: 'git rev-list --count HEAD' 

3. 
The README.md was last modified on Fri Oct 25 02:38:08 2024 -0400
The command used to determine the when the README file was last modified was: 'git log -1 --format=%cd -- README.md'

4.
Branches provide the ability for developers to work on features in isolation and avoid breaking production code.   
Branches allow developers to work separate features simultaneously 

5.
git log: For viewing past commits and the commit history.
git status: For viewing the current state of the working directory and which files are staged or modified.

6.
To view commits where 'Vehicle.h' was one of the commit files the following command would be used: 'git log -- Vehicle.h'

7.
To view commits whose commit message contains the word 'file' the following command would be used: 'git log --grep="file"'

8.
Inheritance: A mechanism where a class (child) inherits properties and behaviors from another class (parent), promoting code reuse.

Polymorphism: The ability for different classes to be treated as instances of the same superclass,
allowing methods to perform differently based on the object's class.

Encapsulation: Restricting access to an object's internal state and requiring all interactions to go through defined methods,
enhancing data security and integrity.

9.
The Dictator and Lieutenants workflow has an additional hierarchical review step. Changes must be submitted to Lieutentants who 
review before sending to directors who make the final push into the main branch. Whereas the Integration Manager workflow 
involves direct submission to a single manager to merge contributions to the main branch.

10.
The Dictator offers decisive guidance and final authority, minimizing ambiguity and simplifying the development process.
Lieutenants can review and test contributions before merging, ensuring higher quality code. Having a review structure in place 
can help streamline code reviews and feature integration.
